0 Product and geography are what make cream skimming work.
1  You lose the things to the following level if the people recall.
1  A member of my team will execute your orders with immense precision.
1  This information belongs to them.
1  I'm upset that my walkman broke and now I have to turn the stereo up really loud.
0 Most of the Christian mosaics were destroyed by Muslims.
1  Slate had an opinion on Jackson's findings.
2 Heterosexuals.
2 Place des Vosges is constructed entirely of gray marble.
1  I burst through the doors and fell down.
2 Fun for only children.
0 All of the questions were interesting according to a focus group consulted on the subject.
0 The capital near Memphis lasted only half a century before its inhabitants abandoned it for the next capital.
2 I am concerned more about your issues than the near-term rate implications.
1  Problems in data synthesis.
1  You can see that on television, as well.
2 Neither Vrenna nor myself have ever fought him.
2 The analysis proves that there is no link between PM and bronchitis.
0 He smiled at Vrenna who was walking slowly behind him with her mother.
1  We want to identify practices commonly used by agencies in the last 5 years
1  The other men were shuffled around.
2 Itis not necessary for there to be any improvement.
1  It has been very intriguing.
1  He returned slowly to the bunkhouse.
0 I do not know exactly where the local taxes go.
2 The recipe passed down from Mallorcan ancestors is known to everyone.
0 Well you're a mechanics student right?
2 It's unfortunate that nobody is organizing a child abuse campaign.
1  The postal service could deliver less frequently.
1  Another shift in the economy was found to be more nutritious.
1  The rule has data collection requirements which aid the EPA to realize their emission control goals.
2 There are no castles Atalaya and Galeras.
0 Were they supposed to be in there?
2 The woman did not care where the man was as long as it was far.
1  The remains of Voltaire and Rousseau, Hugo and Zola, assassinated Socialist leader Jean Jaurys, and Louis Braille are all interred in the crypt.
1  I can't remember their name
2 Poirot was now back and I was sorry that he would take over what I now considered my own investigation.
2 Aswan's meaning has not changed over time.
2 THe market can't bear any of it.
1  Japan's new rulers were catching on quickly.
0 The public would generally prefer to see the government reduce its spending in other areas to finance Social Security.
1  These organizations invest lots of time to understand how some processes can contribute to or haampe
0 I talk to you every day.
1  The facts are accessible to you.
1  It is the first set of production tooling for manufacturing.
2 You should worry about the color of your neighbor's rug.
2 They can't join the military service
0 She was so happy she couldn't stop smiling.
1  The net present value of future additional resources for funding HI benefits was $4.
1  This is the only channel of expression of the advocacy that Congress seeks to restrict.
1  Can we fix this?
2 It doesn't take much planning.
0 They wanted to get through the lecture without any problems.
0 Driving cost estimates can be averaged will sufficient data.
0 The art plays on my young imagination.
2 This is the fastest machine, you won't find a better machine.
0 Horus is a god.
2 Forget the United States Postal Service.
0 He is wearing a mascot costume.
0 The new system appears far more complex, but ultimately easier and more thorough.
1  They had data that was very relevant but under used.
2 A recent law proposed by congress has resulted in the seizure of thousands of dollars from Kentucky residents.
1  If individuals will invest their time, funding will come along, too.
0 Video cameras that I need are very expensive.
2 There was no one on the ground, man or woman.
2 If the GAO has to report on the progress, the recommendations will be much poorer quality.
2 The economy has never been better.
2 The cult of Jainism hates nature.
2 The land remained deserted.
0 A passion for continuity is not the most important of these cultures.
0  Gail Sheehy is a popular target for mocking on other shows.
2 The apartment's owner is very responsive.
2 Mrs. Cavendish has left the building.
2 I thought that you vowed to drink more coffee.
1  We always stink.
2 We should be independent and stay away from talking and working with other nations.
0 Ca'daan refused to stop.
1  The rule makes broadcasters keep a file about children's television programming.
0 It's hot all the time where I live, including winter.
2 The men were naked.
2 The man was perfectly fine.
2 The rice is golden and harvestable in the summer, but turns green in autumn.
1  Citations from Marx were used in socialist papers in the 30s.
0 There is a seal to show authenticity in needlework items made in Italy.
1  He's not into this multivista stuff because what is some dumpy system compared to the magnificent smell of a cinnamon roll dunked in wholesome milk.
0 This is like using the postition as a banker to help make regulations better for the public.
1  Clark hoped that he could continue their marriage.
2 Poverty doesn't create a sense of shame in any country.
0 The road to Jaisalmer is bumpy and unpleasant to ride on.
0 There were also North Carolina troops at Vicksburg.
2 I don't think it should be that way
2 The implications of compensation to provide incentives for management to do the right thing for the company and its shareholders versus themselves should always be ignored by compensation committees.
1  Gratianus was a Roman empoeror.
1  I went and told the truth at court but it didn't do me any good.
2 There are no links to click under Miscellaneous.
0 I wouldn't have started watching it if I'd known.
1  Bye for now.
2 I ignored Ben
1  Can you tell me how to prove it?
