0	Conceptually cream skimming has two basic dimensions - product and geography.
1   you know during the season and i guess at at your level uh you lose them to the next level if if they decide to recall the the parent team the Braves decide to call to recall a guy from triple A then a double A guy goes up to replace him and a single A guy goes up to replace him
1   One of our number will carry out your instructions minutely.
1   How do you know? All this is their information again.
1my walkman broke so i'm upset now i just have to turn the stereo up real loud
0 But a few Christian mosaics survive above the apse is the Virgin with the infant Jesus, with the Archangel Gabriel to the right (his companion Michael, to the left, has vanished save for a few feathers from his wings).
1 Read  for Slate 's take on Jackson's findings.
2 Gays and lesbians.
2 At the end of Rue des Francs-Bourgeois is what many consider to be the city's most handsome residential square, the Place des Vosges, with its stone and red brick facades.
1  I burst through a set of cabin doors, and fell to the ground-
2 Fun for adults and children.
0 It's not that the questions they asked weren't interesting or legitimate (though most did fall under the category of already asked and answered).
0 Thebes held onto power until the 12th Dynasty, when its first king, Amenemhet Iwho reigned between 1980 1951 b.c. established a capital near Memphis.
2 I don't mean to be glib about your concerns, but if I were you, I might be more concerned about the near-term rate implications of this $1.
1  Issues in Data Synthesis.
1  well you see that on television also
2 Vrenna and I both fought him and he nearly took us.
2 This analysis pooled estimates from these two studies to develop a C-R function linking PM to chronic bronchitis.
0 He turned and smiled at Vrenna.
1  We sought to identify practices that were commonly implemented by the agencies within the past 5 years.
1  The other men shuffled.
2 States must show reasonable progress in their state implementation plans toward the congressionally mandated goal of returning to natural conditions in national parks and wilderness areas.
1  well it's been very interesting
1  He started slowly back to the bunkhouse.
0 and it's it's quite a bit i think six something is the state and and uh the rest of the pie goes elsewhere but we're in a particular part of the state that's pretty well off so it's it's like we get a lot of that back as far as local taxation goes
2 They're made from a secret recipe handed down to the present-day villagers by their Mallorcan ancestors, who came here in the early 17th century as part of an official repopulation scheme.
0 yeah well you're a student right
2 it really is i heard something that their supposed to be starting a huge campaign in New York about um child abuse and stopping child abuse and it's supposed to be like it's starting there supposed to be like a big nationwide campaign and you know so hopefully that will take off and really do something i don't know there's just
1  Postal Service were to reduce delivery frequency.
1  And in another shift in the economy, it was found that lamb could be raised more cost-effectively on lowland farms in part because of the richer, more nutritious grazing land available there and as a result Lakeland farms became less profitable.
1  The rule contains information collection requirements which will allow EPA to determine that detergent additives which are effective in controlling deposits are used and that emission control goals are realized.
2 Almost every hill has to the northeast there's a Moorish fort; no fewer than four ruined fortresses guard the harbour entrance; and two more, still in good repair the Atalaya and Galeras castles protect the sea-front arsenal, of vital importance to Spain's military.
0 Were they in there?
2 Felicia's Journey takes place behind the eyes of its central  a young Irish girl, Felicia, who crosses the sea to England in a hopeful quest to find the father of her unborn child; and the fat, middle-aged catering manager, Hiditch, who takes a paternal interest in the lass when it becomes clear that her young man has caddishly given her the slip.
1  In the crypt are interred the remains of Voltaire and Rousseau, Hugo and Zola, assassinated Socialist leader Jean Jaurys, and Louis Braille, the inventor of the alphabet for the blind.
1  there's a uh a couple called um oh i'm going to forgot his name now uh Dirkson
2 Poirot, I exclaimed, with relief, and seizing him by both hands, I dragged him into the room.
2 The word aswan actually means trade or market in ancient Egyptian, signifying its most pre-eminent activity.
2 well what the market can bear and
1  And to show just how fast Japan's new rulers were catching on, two punitive expeditions were launched against Korea and China in the grand manner of 19th-century gunboat diplomacy.
0 When the trust fund begins running cash deficits in 2016, the government as a whole must come up with the cash to finance Social Security's cash deficit by reducing any projected non-Social Security surpluses, borrowing from the public, raising other taxes, or reducing other government spending.
1  These organizations invest the time and effort to understand their processes and how those processes contribute to or hamper mission accomplishment.
0 and it is nice talking to you all righty
1  You have access to the facts.
1  Build environment Engineering Manufacturing Production (all rate tooling) (1st set of production tooling)
2 As long you have your own household in order, fretting about your neighbor's spending habits is a lot like fretting about the color of his living-room rug.
2 yeah so um also of course they they can they join the they can always join the military service they are considered citizens i believe
0 She smiled back.
1  According to the Office of the Actuary at the Health Care Financing Administration, the estimated net present value of future additional resources needed to fund HI benefits alone over the 75 years is $4.
1  Thus, with respect to the litigation services Congress has funded, there is no alternative channel for expression of the advocacy Congress seeks to restrict.
1  How do we fix this?'
2 but that takes too much planning
0 I did not mention Monica in my lecture, but the first question I was asked was how President Clinton could do his job with all the distractions caused by the Monica Lewinsky affair.
0 Analyzing Postal Service accounts for depreciation, fuel, and maintenance for city delivery carriers, we have estimated the average city delivery vehicle cost per route.
0 Because it plays on my childhood imagination.
2 it's slow it's uh there are many better machines on the market right now for
0 At the heart of the sanctuary, a small granite shrine once held the sacred barque of Horus himself.
2 Consider the United States Postal Service.
0 In full costume.
0 Although your journey is going to be difficult and at times you will doubt yourselves, the benefits to clients are well worth it and the satisfaction of hearing even the most recalcitrant of adversaries say that the new system is better than the one that went before is deeply rewarding.
1  Take a remarkable statistic that Shesol cites but lets pass relatively unexamined.
2 It might have seemed like manna from heaven - up to thousands of dollars dropping, often unexpectedly, into the hands of a half-million Kentucky and Indiana residents this month.
1  Get individuals to invest their time and the funding will follow.
0 i often think gee i wish i had a video camera because i could sure use ten thousand dollars so but i like things like Evening Shade with Burt Reynolds i really enjoy that and uh
2 The man on the ground thinks for a moment and yells back, You must work in management.
2 If, however, the evaluation question requires GAO to report on how satisfactory progress is or the reasons for problems in implementation, the more staff who can be on site over time, with the ricHe'st or thickest base for examining the situation as the many people involved see it, the sounder our causal conclusions and subsequent recommendations will be.
2 The economy could be still better.
2 Hills and mountains are especially sanctified in the cult of Jainism.
2 The famous tenements (or lands ) began to be built.
0 In the midst of this amazing amalgam of cultures is a passion for continuity.
0 Putting aside stage as a horse-drawn conveyance, a popular delicatessen, a part of a rocket, and an opportunity to mock Gail Sheehy (who seems to get a free ride from News Quiz participants), this question all but demanded the invention of a violent theatrical event, and that's not easy.
2 Entreaties to the apartment's owner have gone nowhere.
2 Mrs. Cavendish is in her mother-in-law's room.
2 But I thought you'd sworn off coffee.
1  We stink all the time.
2 In an increasingly interdependent world, many pressing problems that affect Americans can be addressed only through cooperation with other countries.
0 Ca'daan continued.
1  The rule requires broadcasters to maintain a file for public inspection containing a Children's Television Programming Report and to identify programs specifically designed to educate and inform children at the beginning of those programs and to furnish such information to the publishers of program guides.
0 well because how how hot i mean like like in the coldest that it gets in winter down there how much is it
2 Each of the men wore leather armor and dressed in the style of heavy riders.
2 The man should have died instantly.
2 In summer the rice forms a green velvety blanket, then turns golden in autumn when it ripens and is harvested.
1  Just as the Daily Worker and New Masses , socialist papers from the 1930s, were peppered with citations of Marx and Engels, Educational Liberator is peppered with references to their libertarian equivalents--Friedrich Hayek and Ludwig von Mises.
0 To be sure that any needlework item is the genuine article (as opposed to an inferior import or machine-made piece), look for a lead seal with an M, the emblem of IBTAM meaning it's been certified by the Instituto de Bordado, Tapecaras e Arte?­sanato da Madeira (Institute of Madeiran Embroidery, Tapestry, and Handicrafts), an official island organization that has a showroom/museum on Rua Visconde de Anadia, 44.
1  I'm not into this Multivista stuff, because what is some dumpy system when compared to a beautiful hyperextension of the sun somewhere over Kuchara, when compared to the golden hue of onion fried with the kse-fi waves, when compared to the number of dividers for credit membranes in a wallet of a rich man, when compared to the magnificent smell of a briessante roll dunked in wholesome milk synthetically enriched with substances boosting the secretion of happiness hormones, that one from two years ago, not three,' Gonzo said in a tone characteristic for a man who just discovered a solution to his life problem.
0 No matter what I ended up doing, I think I would have found some way within that profession to do public work, because that's what I was taught, Zelon said.
1  Clark also expressed the hope that he and Redgrave could continue with their marriage.
2 The poverty, for instance, does not create the sense of shame as it does for people who live in Western countries.
0 Back on the road to Jaisalmer, one last splash of color delights the senses before you plunge into the the fields are dotted with mounds of red hot chili peppers.
0 they supplied some uh you know they were some groups uh the Vicksburg if you ever get a chance to go over to Vicksburg the battleground at Vicksburg uh there's an area there where there was uh some Texas uh groups and they had an interesting time there
2 which i mean i think it should be anyway
2 Also, compensation committees need to understand the implications of compensation to provide incentives for management to do the right thing for the company and its shareholders versus themselves.
1  The fourth-century Roman emperor Gratianus was an early visitor, followed much later by such luminaries as the Romantic poet Alphonse de Lamartine, Queen Victoria, Saint-Sa?«ns, and Rachmaninov.
1  So, I went to court by myself and told them the truth, but it didn't do me any good.
2 Click More Links (on the right-hand side under Miscellaneous), and from
0 and so i started watching it and all of a sudden stay tuned next week and i went what
1  no oh no oh well take care
2 'Hello, Ben.'
1  how can you prove it
