0	A person is training his horse for a competition.
1	A person is at a diner, ordering an omelette.
2	A person is outdoors, on a horse.
0	They are smiling at their parents
2	There are children present
1	The kids are frowning
1	The boy skates down the sidewalk.
2	The boy does a skateboarding trick.
0	The boy is wearing safety equipment.
0	An older man drinks his juice as he waits for his daughter to get off work.
1	A boy flips a burger.
0	An elderly man sits in a small shop.
0	Some women are hugging on vacation.
1	The women are sleeping.
2	There are women showing affection.
0	The people are eating omelettes.
1	The people are sitting at desks in school.
2	The diners are at a restaurant.
2	A man is drinking juice.
1	Two women are at a restaurant drinking wine.
0	A man in a restaurant is waiting for his meal to arrive.
0	A blond man getting a drink of water from a fountain in the park.
1	A blond man wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park
2	A blond man drinking water from a fountain.
1	The friends scowl at each other over a full dinner table.
2	There are two woman in this picture.
0	The friends have just met for the first time in 20 years, and have had a great time catching up.
0	The two sisters saw each other across the crowded diner and shared a hug, both clutching their doggie bags.
1	Two groups of rival gang members flipped each other off.
2	Two women hug each other.
0	A team is trying to score the games winning out.
2	A team is trying to tag a runner out.
1	A team is playing baseball on Saturn.
1	A school hosts a basketball game.
0	A high school is hosting an event.
2	A school is hosting an event.
1	The women do not care what clothes they wear.
2	Women are waiting by a tram.
0	The women enjoy having a good fashion sense.
0	A child with mom and dad, on summer vacation at the beach.
2	A family of three is at the beach.
1	A family of three is at the mall shopping.
0	The people waiting on the train are sitting.
2	There are people just getting on a train
2	There are people waiting on a train.
2	A couple are playing with a young child outside.
0	A couple are playing frisbee with a young child at the beach.
1	A couple watch a little girl play by herself on the beach.
1	The family is sitting down for dinner.
2	The family is outside.
0	The family is on vacation.
1	The people are standing still on the curb.
2	Near a couple of restaurants, two people walk across the street.
0	The couple are walking across the street together.
1	The woman is nake.
0	The woman is cold.
2	The woman is wearing green.
0	The man with the sign is caucasian.
1	They are protesting outside the capital.
2	A woman in white.
2	A man is advertising for a restaurant.
1	The woman is wearing black.
0	A man and a woman walk down a crowded city street.
2	The woman is wearing white.
0	They are working for John's Pizza.
1	Olympic swimming.
1	A man and a soman are eating together at John's Pizza and Gyro.
2	They are walking with a sign.
0	The woman is waiting for a friend.
1	The man is sitting down while he has a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in his arms.
2	The woman and man are outdoors.
0	A woman ordering pizza.
0	The people are related.
1	Two adults run across the street to get away from a red shirted person chasing them.
2	The adults are both male and female.
0	Two people walk home after a tasty steak dinner.
1	Two adults swimming in water
2	Two adults walk across a street.
1	Two people ride bicycles into a tunnel.
2	Two people walk away from a restaurant across a street.
0	Two adults walking across a road near the convicted prisoner dressed in red
0	Two friends cross a street.
1	Some people board a train.
2	Two adults walk across the street.
2	Two adults walking across a road
1	There are no women in the picture.
0	Two adults walk across the street to get away from a red shirted person who is chasing them.
1	A married couple is sleeping.
2	A female is next to a man.
0	A married couple is walking next to each other.
1	Nobody has food.
2	A woman eats a banana and walks across a street, and there is a man trailing behind her.
1	The woman and man are playing baseball together.
0	two coworkers cross pathes on a street
1	A woman eats ice cream walking down the sidewalk, and there is another woman in front of her with a purse.
0	The mans briefcase is for work.
2	A person eating.
0	A person that is hungry.
0	An actress and her favorite assistant talk a walk in the city.
2	a woman eating a banana crosses a street
0	the woman is a seductress
1	a woman sits for lunch
1	the woman is having coffee at the cafe
2	The woman is eating a banana.
2	the woman is outside
0	A skier is near the rail looking down.
2	A skier is near the rail.
1	A skier is away from the rail.
1	The woman eats a car
2	The person skiis
0	They are fantastic skiiers
0	The skier was on the edge of the ramp.
2	The brightly dressed skier slid down the race course.
1	The jogger ran through the streets.
1	A snowboarder is riding a ski lift.
0	A skier is competing in a competition.
2	Somebody is engaging in winter sports.
2	The man is drinking water.
0	The man is very thirsty.
1	The man is drinking coffee.
1	The dog is sleeping in his bed.
0	A dog is playing fetch in a pond.
2	A dog is in the water.
1	A cat reluctantly takes a bath.
0	An underwater camera takes a photo of a puppy.
2	A dog swims in a body of water.
0	A dog is chasing a fish.
2	A dog is swimming.
1	A dog is running around the yard.
1	A dog is chasing a stick.
0	A photographer is taking pictures of a dog.
2	A dog swims towards the camera.
0	The farmer wearing a gray hat is driving a horse-drawn cart.
2	The man with the gray hat and pitchfork is directing the cart.
1	The woman in a blue dress is hitching a horse to a cart.
2	A man is walking with his horse up a country road.
1	A woman in a gray business suit is drinking tea.
0	A man in a straw hat and overalls is walking with his horse up a country road.
2	The man is fertilizering his garden.
1	The man is on the city street with his horse and wagon.
0	The man is in an open field with a horse and wagon.
0	A horse is hauling goods.
2	An animal is walking outside.
1	A man is watching a horse race.
2	A group watches a practice.
99	A choir performs in front of packed crowd.
0	The pastor and elders watch the choir to make sure they are good.
1	a dog catch the ball on a beach
0	a dog drops a disc with a boy
2	a dog drops a red disc
0	A married couple walks atop a hill.
2	A man and woman walk on a street.
1	Two men play catch on a hill.
1	An elderly man is drinking apple juice at a bar.
0	An older gentleman is enjoying his orange juice at a new cafe.
2	An old man is enjoying a beverage at a cafe.
0	Two men hold hands while walking down the street.
1	There are people sitting on the side of the road.
2	People are holding hands and walking.
2	People are walking outdoors.
1	A man and woman walk in a brown brick city.
0	A man and woman walk through a big city.
1	The children are at the library.
2	The school children head home.
0	The children are walking in the afternooon.
1	People are listening to a metal band.
2	Choir singing in mass.
0	People are in mass for a first communion
1	A bicyclist is sitting down having lunch at the mall.
2	The bicyclists are outside.
0	Bicyclists waiting for a car to pass.
0	A person on a bike is waiting while the light is green.
2	The bicycles are on a road.
2	A person on a bike is near a street.
2	Bikers stop and wait for traffic at the intersection.
1	The bicyclists ride through the mall on their bikes.
2	Bicyclists waiting their turn to cross.
1	Bicyclists riding along a freeway.
1	The bicyclists are dead.
0	The bicyclists are riding to the book store.
0	The bicyclists are in a race.
1	The bicyclists are at home.
0	A group of bicyclists remain on the sidewalk at the intersection.
1	A bunch of friends are on a boat
2	People with bikes.
0	There are people on bikes at a light
1	The people are inside waiting.
2	There are some people outside.
2	People are on their bikes.
0	The people are riding their bikes to the gym.
0	People biking through the city.
2	The people are on bikes.
0	There is traffic next to the bikes.
1	The people are running a red light.
1	People in a car race.
2	Men and women outside on a street corner.
1	A ladybug has landed on a beautiful pink rose.
0	Men and women on their motorcycles, wearing helmets and protective jackets.
1	The people are on skateboards.
2	People are riding their bicycles.
0	There is a bike race happening right now.
0	People on bicycles enjoy a conversation waiting for traffic.
0	The people are trying to get to the convenience store across the street.
2	People wait on traffic.
0	Some people on bikes are stopped at a junction.
1	People are waiting on foot.
2	There are bicyclists stopped at a road.
1	The people are sleeping.
1	The people are waiting for the movie to begin.
2	More than one person on a bicycle is obeying traffic laws.
0	People are on mountain bikes.
2	There are people on bicycles.
1	People on bicycles speed through an intersection.
1	The cart is empty.
1	A man is giving another man a piggyback ride.
2	A cart is full of items.
1	A man is sleeping under a bench.
2	A man watches another man.
0	A produce vendor is watched by a health department worker.
2	Someone is on top of a cart full of items, while someone else observes.
1	The man is watching a woman.
0	A merchant and his assistant are trying to determine how many products are in their cart.
0	The cart is full of coal.
2	A man is standing on top of a cart.
2	The cart is filled to the top.
0	The men are outside.
1	A man eats octopus.
0	A man is standing on a cart full of groceries.
2	A male is getting a drink of water.
0	A sculptor takes a drink from a fountain that he made that looks like his girlfriend.
1	A man is drinking lemonade from a glass.
0	cars stop in town
2	Bikers stop in towns
2	A town has witnessed the arrival of three bikers.
0	Thoes bikers are slowing down
0	The bikers are riding Harley's.
1	Three bikers are going 100 mph
1	The bikers breathe water
2	Bikers stop for gas
0	Three bicyclists are riding in a pack.
1	There is a very angry dog.
0	Three bikers are taking a rest in the town.
2	The bikers are in the town.
2	A group of bikers are in the street.
1	The bikers didn't stop in the town.
1	Five bikers are riding on the road.
1	A man is carrying a canoe to the water.
2	A couple of people are loading brush onto a trailer that is attached to a truck.
0	Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck so they can go camping and burn it.
2	a bearded man pulls a rope
0	A bearded man is pulling a rope at work.
2	A man pulls on a rope.
0	The man was on the job trying to move some equipment.
1	a man pulls his beard
1	a bearded man is pulling a car with his teeth.
0	a man competes in a rope pulling contest
0	A man is trying to pull his car out of a lake
1	The man was clean shaven.
2	A bearded man is pulling on a rope.
0	A man is dragging a sled behind him.
1	A man in a swimsuit, swings on a rope.
1	A man is wearing a black shirt
2	A man is pulling on a rope.
2	The man is able to grow a beard.
1	A man is naked on the bed.
0	A man is wearing a red and gray shirt.
2	A man has facial hair.
1	The middle aged oriental woman is watchingt v
2	A middle aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile
0	The middle aged oriental woman is very happy
0	An Asian woman is happy because she found money on the ground.
2	An Asian woman is smiling at while another lady is rowing.
1	An Asian woman is running from a dog.
2	A worker is doing something to a boat.
1	The boat worker is swimming in the ocean.
0	The boat worker works hard to establish the line.
0	A small girl with a necklace is swimming in a pool
1	A fat girl is diving off the edge
2	A small girl with a necklace is in the water
1	A skate swims in the pool.
2	A skater is in the pool.
0	A skater grinds on the lip of the pool.
1	A man is wrapped in a UNICEF blanket.
2	A couple carrying a child are walking along water.
0	An Indian couple is seeking refuge with a humanitarian organization.
2	A group of people are possing for an add.
0	A man and a woman are hoding their son.
1	A man is watching an airplane.
1	Three adults are pictured.
2	A man is wearing something with writing on it.
0	A woman is holding a baby.
1	they are riding a bike
0	People are walking next to a lake.
0	A foreigner group of cousins hike along a trail next to a stream.
2	A foreign family walks by a dirt trail along a body of water.
2	The family is admiring the water
1	The people are driving a car on the freeway.
1	A family of foreigners swims in the water.
0	they are trying not to fall in the water
1	A group of locals run on a dirt trail next to a frozen stream.
2	A family of foreigners walks by the water.
2	A family walks along a dirt path.
1	A family plays board games at their dinner table.
2	There is a family taking a walk outside.
0	A family walks along a dirt path in a forest by a pond.
0	A family of foreigners walks by the lake.
2	People are looking at sculptures at a museum.
2	There are people next to sculptures.
0	A man and a woman are happily standing.
2	People standing near sculptures
1	Three people are looking at painting at a school fair.
1	Nobody is standing.
0	The sculptures are a recent creation.
2	A man and a woman are standing.
0	Tall people standing
1	The is a single sculpture.
1	The man and woman are standing by a swimming pool.
0	People are looking at scultures that were made by a famous artist.
0	There are sculptures of people.
2	There are scultupres nearby.
1	A man and a woman are sitting.
0	all the women are well dressed
1	all the young girls won the first prize
2	there are some groups one of them of young females are in dresses strolling for a ramp walk
2	a man is photographing a man skateboarding.
1	a man is riding his scooter alone
0	tony hawks manager is photographing tony hawk skateboarding
1	A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is being taken by aliens.
1	Photographers capture a male skateboarder performing tricks inside an abandoned building.
1	A woman is skateboarding with her boyfriend.
2	A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is performing a trick.
1	A man photographs a wedding.
0	A man is taking photos of his son doing tricks on the skateboard.
0	A man photographs Tony Hawk skateboarding.
2	A man is taking photos of skateboarding tricks.
2	People take photos outdoors while a man performs exciting skateboarding tricks.
2	A man is photographing another man.
0	A pro photographer is taking pictures of a pro skater.
1	Two men are going down a water slide.
2	A man photographs a skateboarder doing tricks.
0	A man tries to get the perfect picture of a skateboarder for a magazine.
0	A male skateboarder performs tricks outdoors for professional photographers.
1	The people are driving cars
0	The people are part of a club
2	People have bikes
1	Two people eating ice cream cones at the mall.
0	Two people taking their bikes to the trail.
2	One person running next to their bike with the person riding their bike behind them.
1	A young man roller blades across a ramp while being photographed.
0	A helmet-less young man does a trick on a skateboard while being photographed.
2	A man being photographed while he does a trick on his skateboard down the stairs.
0	A lady is about to propose to her boyfriend.
2	A lady with a serious face is standing with two guys in front of steps outside.
1	Three guys are standing indoors with flowers in their hands.
1	The man is in the theatre watching Avatar.
0	The man is part of the gay pride parade.
2	A man is outside.
0	Four friends are having a competition to see who throws the most water out of a pool.
2	A group of young men are splashing a lot of water.
1	Some boys are eating pizza in a restaurant.
0	The three men are by the lake.
2	The three men are outside.
1	The three men are indoors playing Foosball.
0	A woman holding a blue basket full of food at a family cookout.
2	A woman standing behind a grill outside with a blue basket of food in her hands.
1	A woman holding a blue basket full of easter eggs outside of a church.
0	A car gets stuck in the water.
1	A car is in the shop.
2	A car drives through the water.
2	A group of people are outside.
0	A family enjoys the sunny day in their backyard.
1	People watch tv in their living room.
2	A car is flooding.
0	A car has crashed into a large lake.
1	A truck drives down a country road in the sunshine.
2	A man is playing the guitar.
0	A man is singing as he plays guitar.
1	A man is playing the piano.
1	The bald man played the drums.
2	A guy stands on stage with his guitar.
0	One crazy looking man plays in a show.
0	The woman is carrying her child.
2	The woman is on a trolley.
1	The woman and child are on a subway train.
0	Coworkers at at a monthly safety meeting.
1	Coworkers left work and are driving to lunch.
2	There are people at work.
0	Two ladies are studying for their final exam.
1	The girls are watching a movie.
2	Some women are reading.
0	A man walks away from a wall he has defaced.
1	A man sits and reads the graffiti on a wall.
2	Grafffiti on a brick wall.
1	The people are not holding onto anything.
2	The people are holding onto the rail.
0	The people are on a trolley in san Francisco.
1	The man is swimming
0	The man is outside
2	The man seems happy
0	a bmx pro is doing a triple backflip
1	tony hawk is performing a skating trick
2	a guy is performing a bike trick
2	The woman is wearing a coat.
1	The woman loves her blonde hair.
0	The woman is guarding herself from the snow.
0	A brother and sister chase each other in a field.
2	Kids are playing outdoors.
1	Two children are reading at their desks.
1	A man runs outside.
2	A male sitting indoors.
0	A male plays a banjo while sitting on a sofa.
1	Don't play with rocks
2	Two kids are playing with a big rock in the field
0	Two kids are playing with a big rock in the field with family
0	Some girls are running through an open field.
2	Two girls are playing outside.
1	Some girls are running on the sidewalk, next to some parked cars.
1	The children are at home eating lunch.
2	The children are playing in a rocky field.
0	The children are playing catch.
0	The dancing woman is on the grass.
2	The woman in green and pink is dancing.
1	The dancing woman is alone in her bedroom.
2	Man looking at the camera.
0	Man looking at something.
1	Man is walking away to the hall.
2	A man in a gold skirt sitting at his computer watching the computer screen.
0	A man in a golf skirt sitting at his computer typing to his friends online.
1	A man in blue pants sitting and watching the television.
2	the man is working on the computer
1	the man called off work and was at the zoo all day
0	the man is doing a project for work
1	A man is standing in the rain.
2	A man waiting with his computer.
0	A man buying a new laptop.
2	a man is looking at his webcam
0	he is covering up his face
1	a man is sticking his tongue out
2	A young girl has a bowl on her head
0	A toddler dumped her bowl of spaghetti on her head
1	A man is eating cereal in his car
0	the crowd cheers as he peforms
1	the woman does a hula dance
2	the man is dancing
2	The toddler is getting a checkup.
1	The doctor is looking inside the toddler's mouth.
0	The toddle might be sick.
0	A young woman wearing an evening gown, and holding her shoes in her hands, is dipping one foot into Buckingham Fountain in Chicago.
1	A young blond woman is sitting down on a beach chair.
2	A person is dipping her foot into water.
1	The woman is riding a train.
2	A woman is near a fountain.
2	The woman has one foot in the air.
1	A woman is walking in park
0	A woman is very eager to touch the water
2	A woman is like to touch the water in fountain
2	A woman stand on a fountain and dips her toes in.
1	A woman sits on the grassy ground.
0	An old woman stands on a fountain and sticks her toes in.
2	The couple is outdoors.
0	The couple is married.
1	The couple is having dinner at a restaurant.
2	A man stares at a passing couple.
0	The man is jealous of the couple.
1	The woman stares at a couple as they argue down the block.
0	couple walking home
2	couple walking
1	bear in zoo
1	A married couple are fighting on the sidewalk.
0	A married couple are holding hands as they walk along the city sidewalk.
2	A man and a woman are holding hands.
1	A man wearing blue sleeping with his child in his lap inside his home.
0	A man wearing red standing with his child at a beach overlooking the ocean.
0	A man wearing red standing with his child as they watch others build sand castles at the beach.
2	People are playing a sport in honor of crippled people.
1	People are playing football without gear.
0	People a playing a sport to help fund a crippled people fund.
0	Two sad men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.
2	Two people in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.
1	Two women in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.
0	Some wheelchair basketball players playing the basketball match.
2	Three wheelchair basketball players playing basketball in field.
1	A peoples are taking coffee together at coffeshop.
1	Four guys are playing cards.
2	Four guys are playing basketball.
0	The four players are handicapped.
1	the dogs are fighting
2	there are three dogs
0	the dog playing
0	Two puppies bite their mother, while she pants.
1	Two dogs are sleeping while a third eats its food.
2	A pair of dogs tease a third with nibbles.
1	The puppies are sleeping in a basket.
0	They are playing at the dog park.
2	Three puppies are playing outside.
0	dogs bitting
2	dogs attacking another dog
1	dog sitting in filed
1	Tourist walking around an art museum.
0	A group of tourist waiting for a train outside.
2	A group of tourist waiting for a train at a train station.
2	a old man was talking
1	the boys were angry
0	the child was happy
0	A female is leaving a movie theatre.
2	A woman walking outside.
1	A woman is cleaning up.
2	A man stands.
1	My love's like a red, red wig.
0	Others are nearby.
1	A woman eats a pickle.
2	Two people dancing outdoors.
0	Two people dancing while a band performs.
2	Two people are having a conversation.
0	Men are exchanging ideas.
1	A crowd is talking over each other.
0	They are going fast.
2	A biker is doing jumps by trees.
1	They aren't on bikes.
0	A person is trying to learn new tricks on their bike.
2	The biker is jumping into a hole.
2	A person rides a bike outdoors.
0	The biker can be a man or a woman
2	There's a biker
0	A biker is doing jumps in a wooded area.
0	The biker is using a small bike to jump a hole.
2	They are avoiding trees.
1	The mountain biker is going on a desert trail.
1	The biker is trying to jump over a volcano.
1	He's indoors
1	A person is riding in a bobsled.
0	The old men are discussing the weather.
2	Two old men in winter coats talk outside.
1	The old men are wearing raincoats.
1	The men are drinking coffee and having some cookies
1	The men are sleeping
2	There are two men outside in this picture
0	Two men preparing for a snowball fight.
2	People are near snow.
1	Men making snow angels.
1	These men never wore coats.
2	They are outside wearing coats.
0	It is cold, but they went outside anyway.
1	A woman is brushing her hair in her bedroom.
2	A man is holding an accordian.
0	A man is looking at a hundreds of dollars.
0	ravine jumping is never easy
2	there is a bmx biker who is perfect in ravine jumping
1	anybody can do ravine jumping
0	the bike is tied to a stop sign
1	the car is parked at the sign
2	the bike is tied to a sign
1	A bike is on the ground about to be reparied
0	A bike with a flat tire is not being ridden
2	A bike it outside
1	A boy riding a bike.
2	A boy walking away.
0	A bicycle chained up with a boy walking away.
2	A city filled with people in the middle of the daytime.
1	A abandoned city at the edge of the world.
0	A crowded city filled with many cars on a warm summer day.
0	People are walking to the park.
2	People are outside.
1	The people are asleep.
2	The city has a lot of people in it.
0	The city is very large.
1	The city looks like Lawrence, Kansas.
2	There is a city.
1	The field of poppies is perfectly still.
0	Times Square in New York City is full of people and bustling with noise and activity.
1	A man is painting a painting.
0	A woman is making a flower pot.
2	An artist is sculpting with clay.
0	A barber is inside his shop standing in the front.
2	A barber is at work.
1	The barber is closing the shop at the end of the day.
2	There is an individual waiting indoors.
0	A man is waiting to get his haircut.
1	A man is brushing his teeth.
0	A woman happily preparing to glaze
1	A woman not preparing to glaze
2	A woman preparing to glaze
1	A woman wearing gloves is washing dishes.
0	A woman wearing a red apron inspects a large black pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.
2	A woman is wearing an apron.
1	A man is modeling for a cooking show.
0	A woman is trying to model for a sports magazine.
2	A model is doing a shoot.
2	Firemen walking outside
1	The station is empty
0	The firemen are not working
2	Firemen are walking.
0	Exhausted looking firemen are walking back to the fire station to rest.
1	Determined looking firemen are running into a burning building.
1	Three man are holding axes in their left hands.
0	The three firefighters are discussing sports.
2	The firemen are gathered one is holding his helmet.
0	The man directed the clean up crew where to go.
1	The woman jogged alongside the crew.
2	The man walked alongside the crew.
1	A boy floats on top of water.
0	A little boy swimming at a beach.
2	A child swimming.
1	A man has parked his truck.
2	A Ford is being driven on a track.
0	A man is racing his truck.
1	The people are all climbing out of the water.
2	The people are all jumping into a body of water.
0	The people are all friends.
0	The toy is waterproof.
1	The Lone Ranger swims again.
2	Small boy in pool holds toy.
1	A little boy is chasing a dog.
0	A little boy is holding a pool ring.
2	A little boy is underwater.
0	A man is riding in his first rodeo.
1	A rodeo clown chases a bull.
2	A man is being bucked on a horse.
2	The man rides an animal.
0	The man is trying not to fall.
1	The man is riding a motorcycle.
0	A woman is using a machine to make coconut milk.
1	A woman is sitting on the couch.
2	A woman is at a machine.
1	The man is boiling a pot of corn.
2	There is a person processing vegetables.
0	A man is shucking a large pile of corn.
0	The woman is making jewelry at the park.
1	The woman has a small child trapped in the machine who sews clothes.
2	The woman is outdoors with a machine.
1	A child is wearing a bandana.
0	A person is cooking mexican food.
2	A person is cooking.
1	The man is wearing a blue shirt.
2	The man is running.
0	The man is wearing headphones.
2	The women are exercising.
1	The women are both dressing in green.
0	The women are doing yoga.
0	The students are taking a beginners' yoga class.
1	The students solve equations on the board.
2	A yoga class is in progress.
0	They stretched on yoga mats outside.
2	The people stretched on yoga mats.
1	They stretched on bikes.
2	The people are doing yoga
0	The people are working out
1	The people are sleep.
1	Two women are walking with strollers.
2	Men watching motorcyclist.
0	Motorcylist performing in annual race.
1	The girls are climbing a tree
0	There is a young person talking with others near the bustop
2	there is a group of people waiting outside
2	People pose for a picture.
0	People pose for a family picture.
1	Two people are yelling.
2	The man is laying down to sleep
1	The man is checking into a 4 star hotel
0	The man is sleeping on the grass because he is homeless
2	The white and brown dog is in the air.
1	The dog is taking a nap.
0	The dog is catching a frisbee.
1	A young boy eats a sandwich.
0	A young boy sits on the ground in a family picture.
2	A boy sits at peoples feet.
2	A man is wearing blue.
0	The man is tired.
1	The man is drinking a beer in a pub.
1	The people are inside playing soccer.
0	The people are on lunch break.
2	There are a group of people are standing outside.
2	The people are outside.
1	The little girl is riding a horse.
0	The people are walking home in the rain.
2	She is packing.
0	The girl is going on a trip.
1	The woman is standing up unpacking.
2	A girl is running on the trail.
1	A boy is hiking on the trail.
0	A girl is running downhill on the trail.
2	3 people are walking along a path.
1	2 people are on the path.
0	three people are walking along a path trying to get home before the storm hits.
2	A blonde woman looks for things in a suitcase.
0	A blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase.
1	A brunette woman checks her suitcase before boarding a plane.
0	A woman is packing for a trip.
1	A man is packing his golf clubs.
2	A woman is filling a suitcase.
1	A young man packs belongings into a black trash bag.
0	A young woman distributes belongings into a black box.
2	A young woman packs belongings into a black luggage carrier.
0	The people are walking in a big group.
1	The people are running towards the mountains.
2	The people are walking outdoors.
0	A man sitting on a street.
1	A man jogging on the street.
2	A man resting on a street.
0	Highschool homcoming marching band is marching.
1	The drum lady drive a bus.
2	She plays in a band.
2	Someone is toting packages in an urban setting.
1	A young lad delivers groceries by bicycle in the city.
0	A man delivers groceries to shut-in seniors in the city.
2	A man doing a wheelie
1	A man standing beside a crashed motorcycle
2	A motorcyclist doing a wheelie
0	A man is waiting for someone to fix his scooter.
2	A man is outside, near the street.
1	A man is relaxing at the bar.
1	The man is playing basketball.
2	The man is standing.
0	The man is lighting a cigarette.
2	A man is sitting on a motorcycle.
0	A man is sitting on a motorcycle and drives away.
1	A man in black is playing with his cat on Sunday.
0	A man smokes a cigarette while sitting on his scooter.
1	The man drinks a beer while sitting in his car.
2	The man is smoking something while sitting on the scooter.
0	A man on the motorcycle
2	Man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk
1	A man driving his car
1	The woman danced alone.
2	The couple danced.
0	The couple danced in the competition.
0	People are running for a charity.
0	the runners waited to start the olympic race
1	People wearing pink and purple get ready for a race
0	People wearing their bright team uniforms await the pistol that signifies the start of their race
1	People are having a cook off.
0	People in orange vests await the beginning of a race to win first prize.
2	People wait for a race to begin.
0	The people waiting are part of the race.
1	the athlete backflips off of a mountain
1	People in orange vests are racing in a race that has started.
2	People in orange vests await the beginning of a race.
2	People are wearing colorful clothes
1	People are racing backwards through Hell.
2	People are waiting for a race.
2	the runners waited to start the race
0	They movie is very loud in the background.
1	The people dance on the sidewalk.
2	The two people are dancing.
0	The skier is in a competition.
2	The skier is wearing a jumpsuit.
1	The skateboard is wearing a blue jumpsuit.
2	J.P. Morgan Chase held a track event.
1	The track event has no security.
0	Security guards are searching for weapons at a track event.
0	The couple are dancing together.
2	The people are moving.
1	Two people are eating dinner.
1	There is a farmer laying down outdoors
2	There is a farmer with a horse wagon
0	There is a farmer riding a wagon outdoors
1	Old men playing soccer while the sun sets.
2	Children playing soccer while the sun sets.
0	Girls playing soccer while the sun sets.
1	No one is playing soccer.
0	People are playing soccer for a competition.
2	People are playing soccer.
0	Two skilled soccer teams are competing against one another for the championship.
2	There is a soccer game.
1	Two baseball teams are competing.
2	Soccer teams are competing outdoors.
1	A football team is playing hockey against a soccer team in an ice rink.
0	A soccer team is about to win a soccer game.
1	Two men riding bikes.
0	Two men wearing aprons.
2	Two men serving food.
2	a sports game is being played
0	the world cup is being played
1	a basketball game is ocurring at sunrise
1	A small child is playing video games in his bedroom.
2	A child plays at a park.
0	A small boy is playing tag at a park with his friends.
2	There is a little boy in brown pants.
1	There is a little girl in red pants.
0	There is a little boy who likes the color brown.
0	A child takes a break from school.
1	A child is napping.
2	A child plays on a playground.
99	The woman is wearing clothes.
0	The woman is wondering if she left her car open.
1	The woman is wearing a grocery bag to her car.
0	A man in a blue shirt is looking up at a dog.
1	A man in a red shirt is looking up.
2	A person looks up.
2	There are three girls
1	The girls are at home
0	The girls like amusment parks
0	The woman bought unhealthy food
1	The woman is in Target
2	A woman is in Walmart
1	Brown dog is sleeping next to the water
2	Brown dog treads through water as he is soaked in water
0	Brown dog treads through water as he swims towards shore
1	A woman is standing at the counter at Target.
2	A woman has children with her at the check out counter.
0	A woman has three children with her.
0	A mother is with her two children at Walmart buying food
1	Food makes people hungry
2	A mother is with her two children at walmart
1	A monkey is eating a banana.
0	A woman is modeling appliances for the camera.
2	There is a woman in a room.
0	A boy is boating in a pond.
2	A boy is in a boat.
1	A boy is swimming.
0	A baseball playing is throwing a ball
2	A baseball player is swinging to hit the ball.
1	A baseball is broken
0	A dog is chasing a ball on the beach.
1	A dog is sleeping in the living room.
2	A dog is outside.
1	A dog is running up the stairs at home.
0	A dog is running with his owner outside.
2	A dog is running outside.
2	A dog runs across the beach.
0	A dog chases birds on the beach.
1	A dog snuggle down under blankets on the couch.
2	A dog on the beach.
1	A seagull on the dock.
0	A dog runs after his boy and the frisbee.
0	Player is giving the ball away
2	Pitcher is winding up a throw
1	The player tossed the football
0	The cheerleaders are wearing blue.
1	An empty field.
2	Some people are cheering on a field.
0	Cheerleaders are waiting for the game to begin.
1	The football player killed the cheerleader with his bullet pass.
0	The Dallas Cowboys' cheerleaders are trying to pump-up the crowd.
2	There are people outdoors.
2	Cheerleaders cheer on a field for an activity.
2	People cheering.
1	People sit on the snow-covered bench.
2	Cheerleaders cheering.
1	Some football players are practicing a running play.
0	The cheerleaders cheer for the start of the big game.
0	Cheerleaders cheer for the football team.
1	An old man wearing a diaper.
1	A man holding a boombox.
0	A sad woman holding a boombox.
2	A person holding a boombox.
2	A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat looks at the camera
0	A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat smiles at the camera
1	A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat is on her cellphone
0	The cheerleaders are wearing black and red uniforms.
2	The cheerleaders are wearing clothes.
1	The cheerleaders are at the basketball arena.
2	A human standing.
0	A tall human stanindg.
1	Nobody is standing.
2	A lady is close to the floor.
0	A lady is kneeling before the priest at church.
1	The woman is doing jumping jacks outside.
2	The people are by the wall.
1	The people are running down the country road.
0	The wall is painted.
0	A man and a woman are standing next to each other and communicating through sign language.
1	A man is sitting with his hands in his pockets.
2	Two people are next to each other.
2	the dog is in the water
0	the dog is swimming by itself
1	the dog is eating out of his favorite bowl in the kitchen
2	A crowd gesticulates.
0	They are raising money.
1	No one is watching them.
0	The beads are multi-colored.
1	The baby is sleeping.
2	The baby is playing.
1	people are sleeping
0	people are singing onstage
2	pwople are on stage
1	The woman is running in her backyard.
0	The woman is running fast.
2	The woman is outdoors.
2	A group of people point forwards while doing something.
1	A group of people fight using tigers.
0	A group of people point somewhere while speaking.
1	kids are fighting each other.
0	man and woman dancing together.
2	people are dancing.
2	people dance together
0	people are dancing with one another during a religious ritual
1	dogs are mating
1	A couple is inside watching TV.
2	A couple is in a hot tub.
0	A couple is in a hot tub outside.
2	The man knows how to play guitar.
0	The man can play the guitar well.
1	The man is playing the drums.
0	three dogs are chasing a ball
2	three dogs are outside
1	three dogs are laying in a couch
1	A man and woman are walking down opposite sides of the street.
2	A couple of people are holding hands while walking.
0	A newlywed couple hold hands and skip down the street.
0	A man searches the internet sitting down.
1	A woman drinks a beer at her desk.
2	A man sits at a desk.
2	Someone is filming.
1	Everyone wearing formal clothes is inside.
0	Someone is operating a microphone.
2	A guy playing a board game by himself.
1	The man taking a snooze.
0	A human sitting down playing one game of chess alone.
2	group of people running
0	women runs for her life
1	women has coffee with two guys
0	A man in a blue shirt sitting outside behind a large wooden chessboard.
2	Someone sitting outside behind a chessboard.
1	Two elderly men playing Scrabble.
0	Two men are playing chess
1	The man is jogging
2	A man is playing a game
2	A man sits in front of a set up chess game.
0	A man is waiting for his chess opponent to arrive.
1	A grandma plays a game of connect four at the rotary club meeting.
2	A young man is sitting.
1	A young man is on Mars.
0	A young man is indoors.
2	The men are drinking.
1	The men are being sprayed with cans of paint while they are passes out drunk in the alley.
0	The men are standing in urine.
0	The helicopter is moving people in danger.
2	A man is being moved.
1	The helicopter is putting people in a dangerous area.
1	The people are listening to music on their CD players.
2	The people are listening to a speaker.
0	The speaker is the people's boss.
1	young people are at a party having fun
0	young people are learning about politics
2	young people are gathered around a table
0	the woman is going to the park.
1	the woman is swimming in the lake.
2	the woman is wearing a red shirt.
2	A woman talks to others indoors.
0	a woman in an office building talks to a group of three taking notes on a notepad
1	a man talks to ducks in a pond
0	the woman is white
2	a woman in an office building talks to two other women and a man with notepads
1	A woman talks to dogs inside an office building.
1	the woman is asleep at home
1	The people are outside of the building looking inside.
2	a woman is talking
0	A woman talks to others indoors about lunch.
2	Four people stand near a wall speaking to each other.
1	A woman talks to three other women.
0	A woman happily talks to two other women.
0	The group are discussing a project.
2	A woman talks to two other women.
1	The students are running in P.E. class.
2	A classroom is discussing the topics of the day.
0	The students are discussing the lecture in history class.
0	The man is working
1	The woman is asleep
2	A woman is looking at a man's possessions
1	A couple are eating dinner.
0	A couple is standing outside.
2	A couple is talking.
2	A man wants a woman to look at his clipboard
0	a man is trying to get a woman to sign something
1	A man takes off his shirt to get a womans attention
1	A man is wearing a gold shirt
0	A man shows his boss something on a clipboard.
2	A man shows a woman something.
2	The man has something to tell the woman.
2	Two people are looking at a clipboard.
1	The woman is wearing blue.
0	A man is teaching a woman a concept
2	There is a man and a woman.
1	Two people are looking at notes on an electronic tablet.
1	The man is drinking a cup of coffee.
2	A man is wearing a bright green shirt
0	The man and the woman are employees at the same business.
0	A man in a green shirt shows a woman his paychecks on a clipboard.
1	The woman shows the man a clipboard.
0	The clipboard has writting on it.
0	A man is showing a woman a funny video on his tablet
0	The tablet is turned on.
1	The man is on another street than the woman.
2	The man and woman are outdoors.
2	A man and a woman are outside.
1	A man and a woman are eating in a resteraunt.
1	A man is stealing a woman's tablet
1	A woman shows a cell phone to a person standing nearby.
0	A couple are using a tablet to watch a video on the street.
2	A woman is shown a tablet by a man standing on the street.
0	A man having cell phone in his hand
0	A man shows directions to a museum on a tablet to a woman nearby.
2	There are some people in a street
1	The man handover the cell phone to the woman
2	A man is showing a woman something
0	The child spilled his milk.
1	The child has a clean face.
2	The child had milk all over his face.
2	Two men are barefoot on the lawn.
